docs: add section about commit signing using GitHub App (#838)
renovatebot/github-action: README.md

          token: '${{ steps.get_token.outputs.token }}'
```

### Commit signing with GitHub App

> Renovate can sign commits when using a GitHub App. The trick is to use the platform API to perform commits.
> If a configuration file is defined, include `platformCommit: true` to activate this feature.
> Alternatively, enable commit signing by setting the environment variable `RENOVATE_PLATFORM_COMMIT=true`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate can sign commits when deployed as a GitHub App by utilizing GitHub's API-based commits.
To activate this, ensure that `platformCommit` is set to `true` in global config.
If a configuration file is defined, include `platformCommit: true` to activate this feature.

For example:
```
